certainly the earth will be an armor
hello to all friends and welcome to a
comedian's new blog k3 I'm mick
karn the names that cute and today I wanted
talk to you echo is fine you see it in the video
of not dct to 5 that already finished it but
in urbeats new blue color
beautiful electric 2 these headphones
I am not my friend's then
who practically bought the skies of
london paid the 79 pounds
so he saved by making the change
4 euros
let's go to open this package
side deal this is the part of
under
born back first like I did the
pleasure of the first without ruining the
plastic because I don't like to throw the
plastic also preserves the perfect one
we continue with the silvio barrels for a moment
only then a friend of mine who bought
these seven was displeased to spend
lots of money for in-ear headphones but
after trying mine the next day
of he left for london he called me
he said but what color of the first of
Gulbis
then this is the promised state that
is inside this part of below
then all Russian
there is nothing we have with ours therefore
Then the packet was already
lambo was that I have to put so
well better let's see alberto
translucent lace on the left
packets of bleach in his with i
pizza products
the girl thing that runs out of teat
too much
we all know why we open this
true not for the bike but because of the area
I demand adhesive bloom in this case and blue
because the headphones are beautiful blue
other than brusino it seems to me the right break
out information ab must always be
translucent the boys so you can see if the
original product another thing
notice if a product is fake or not
had the bis ma products activated
I apologize
this is the guide of the orbits i
products are to the certain ones that he was
girl who telestudio are mine
favorite
these my studies are snow to see
of babies these are pizzas
inside we open the packet both
the tongue we lift without doing damage
then the case that contains i
ear plugs
and the earplugs depending on how one is
the shape of the bowed time of the ear
what was internal to the
auricle gave us the
own path
these instead are the tantrums and they are
beautiful boys are a product a
all gas and when I say at full throttle e
say it all
then let's see who got the jack that gilded
with the inscription biz above
inside there is the tweezers for
sticking from the jacket sin that the
tweezer doesn't have a big beat
overlap would have liked more
and then there was the monster to ours
pastry with the abi you see everything in blue
in front there is the b behind it was written
bit
ok this is all a mick karn greeting
the carlino names and what are you waiting for
also subscribe to wordpress executed
there is also then we wait for those who do not
is registered on facebook
the k3 comic on our voice group
send the archistar and we accept go
well two are beautiful but i have them
white sockets
Hello